from this image you should get an idea
what this is about essentially there's
this earth on the other side of the Sun
and you have characters from from our
earth to get kind of whisked off there
and on this earth it's essentially like
a medieval fantasy women are most women
are basically slaves and there's a bunch
of sex slaves as you can tell from this
particular cover image right here and
this is something that goes through all
of the novels as women are are literally
physically dominated like beaten
sexually dominated it's a it's a very
strong what most people consider a ante
female empowerment narrative that runs
throughout these particular books so I
first found out about gore when I was 18
years old that was 11 years ago now and
I was like what school and then I went
on Google and then that kind of wrapped
this whole slavery domination Conan the
Barbarian meets Frank Frazetta meets
dirty perverted Minds come to life in
the book series and I just hook line
sinker sunk into it a lot of people
consider the misogynist sexist and
perhaps they are the thing is they're
also very successful not just with men
but with women there's a whole
subculture that developed called the
gorian subculture the gore subculture
where women choose to live this
lifestyle where they are essentially
sexual slaves to a man and in the books
they're often presented in women off to
present it as being sexually liberated
through slavery which is a weird thing
and the women who aren't slaves like are
sexually repressed and there's a little
I don't know a there's a lot of weird
themes like that oh how did we meet
brandy so funny story you actually saved
me because I was about 18 at the time
maybe a couple months to being 19 and as
a Kujira who was very young naive so
first of all where does the term khajur
come from brandy so Kujira is a Korean
term that comes from the books the
commonality is la cuchara
which is not french and it means I am a
slave girl but you're you know it's
dirty now
but is the fact and you've helped me
since I was 18 years old I had a male
who was telling me that I should be
removed from school because it's not my
job to go to get a good education I need
to be taken out of work because my job
is to serve Him that I was gonna live in
a basement and that was just my life and
actually stalked me and found me at my
school rocker actually helped me get the
authorities involved get this person off
of any kind of venue where he could
contact me and kind of guided me towards
like what ethical Gore is versus what
like a video game is so maybe it's
sexist
maybe it's misogynist does that mean
that you blacklist or censor it
particularly when you have a group of
people including women who are really
into wanting to live this lifestyle and
it became a whole subculture like an S&M
subculture and you also have similar
content like Fifty Shades of Grey
now what happened with this novel is
that the original publisher Ballantine
Books didn't want to publish the books
anymore and you can maybe guess why but
this was a long time ago this is like in
the 70s so Dahl picked it up doll is a
very famous publisher fantasy published
a whole bunch of Michael Moorcock's
novels but and a bunch of other people
very big fantasy you know fantasy
publisher and somewhere in the book
series they decided they weren't gonna
publish them anymore and the official
reason they gave was low sales now that
he couldn't find another publisher he
said he got blacklisted by the entire
industry as a result of the portrayal of
women in his books and I also think he
wrote like a practical like fantasy
dominating sex dominating guide for
couples as well just as an aside that I
think might have sold pretty well first
published in the UK anyway in 1969
talisman of Gaul began the gorian cycle
or series sometimes also referred to as
the counter-earth saga I picked this up
because while I was reading Elric saga I
discovered that Michael Moorcock
campaigned against these books because
of their objectification or women
I posted a review of hunters of Gore on
amazon.com and reposted it to my
personal Facebook page it got such a
strong positive response that I figured
I'd go ahead and share it with everybody
having heard various people especially
those in the role playing BDSM community
extolling the magnificence of the series
I looked into it and found myself
disgusted time and again at the idea of
philosophy that values men who control
women with rape and physical beatings
the most common defense I heard of the
books was that they were intended to
satirize feminism while there were
certain thematic elements of this in the
plotline of outlaw of Gore the remainder
of the books seemed to ever-increasing
degrees to justify why a bully is the
best thing that a man can ever be and
that men have a right and a
responsibility to beat up women and
terrorize the go begins very much in
their burrows in tradition with an
English professor called tal Cabot go as
a counter-earth which mimics our own
over completely but on the opposite side
of the Sun there is considerably more
mention of female slaves than male
likewise we learn little about the free
women at all beyond that they exist and
that they are subject to the same caste
system but it's limited social mobility
as the men tall though thanks to his
perspective frequently acts or speaks
out against the worst of the society's
rules including pledging to abolish
slavery the rest of the society though
suggests that slavery is okay or even
good for some that sort of position
usually opposed by the hero I did find
objectionable but at the same time
defeating a situation is not the same as
endorsing it and Tull as our protagonist
remains both reasonable and likable in
part by his going against the rules of
the world it must have been it when they
made these books later he must just
escalate it and that's what I heard
people say when I go on the Amazon
reviews is the first books the first
couple of books are good and then as it
goes on they just turn into straight
BDSM and just kind of misogynistic
pseudo philosophy this was the first
Gore novel I read and I subsequently
read torrents Minh outlaw priest kings
and captive in case you want to accuse
me of being ill informed and I was
introduced to Toro
but who revels not in consensual BDSM
but in the merciless gloating
terrorizing work into a high school
bully who unable to accept the more
tender and vulnerable feelings he has
for a girl beats our and humiliates her
to suppress his own inadequacy in the
face of those feelings and it's kind of
edgy but it's really like halfway it's
like very mild watered-down Rouge this
first novel of edginess against women
like it's not that bad it just it's just
literally like the worst it just talks
about hypergamy like the natural state
as hypergamy and women only being
attracted to the highest class of men
and that women it's not it's not even
like rape fantasies are in this really
and I that's what I understand it gets
into later but it's like women desiring
men based on their status not how good
they treat them so men that have higher
status but abused women are considered
highly attracted by one that's that's
like as edgy as this book gets the
section I think that will enrage more
people than any other is where they work
out the details of her slavery and
talena is forced to wear a collar
announcing that she is his property
her life as a slave though actually a
force her slightly more freedom than her
life as a princess did confined as she
was by being veiled and limited to the
Quarian sake oh this real-world
commentary features a handful of times
in the text in with not just Greek
mythology but also Darwinian concepts
and again in Anna's section and might
well offend quite a few comparing the
activity of the slave market with the
more modern 4 1969 dating practices that
comparison has she seemed more open in
the Twitter age and it was certainly
raise an eyebrow or a hackle or two
Norman's assertion is that men must be
brutally harsh with women because if
they ever show the slightest sympathy
then women will seize on that and
enslave the men by weakening and
feminizing them for the women and the
novels this is undoubtedly true every
single female character in the
affirmation books with one very minor
exception was a shrill maniacal
malicious stuck-up pain-in-the-ass that
was ultimately brought
under controlled by a physically strong
arrogant man and what are the
expectations as far as surrendering as a
kageura the idea is that you give up
yourself completely to your master the
idea being that you are his article of
possession
you are his clothing or property to do
with whatever he pleases so at that same
connotation your mind your soul your
body your thoughts your fears your
inhibitions your desires they no longer
belong to you they belong to the person
that you submitted to and it's very
difficult for a lot of people to come to
terms with that because they lose their
independence okay and what are the three
things that you that you would give as
far as advice to any new person coming
in that's considering as far as being
part of Gore as far as being a Kujira
what's what are three things that you
would give advice the first thing I
would say is read the books just just
read them know what it is that you're
dealing with know the nuances of the
difference of a stray slave versus a
free woman that's actually a Kujira in
clothing like there's a lot of subtle
differences in nuances and the most
important thing is don't submit to
people that you've never met you you
don't know who these people are and
there are a lot of dangerous people in
this world and you are more than likely
a very attractive very sweet girl who
they want to keep forever in confusion
the sexism and a depiction of slavery
sexual or otherwise in this book is
fairly toxic probably only though is
belonging to a certain sexual subculture
would read this and fifty Shades of Grey
but it's hard not to see them as
originating from the same sort of
inspiration if you can shake off that
mental shudder you'll find tons 'men of
gore to be nothing like is expected imax
in which holds true about just about
every aspect of it the plot is better
than expected the characters are better
than expected the quality of writing is
better than expected the relationship
between Tao and telling that is probably
the focus of the book motivating tile as
it does even when the two are separated
not even one person as explicit as Fifty
Shades of Grey
they are a much more engaging couple
than steel and gray when not varying
towards abuse or if I'm being generous
BDSM their relationship is
is it quite reasonable occasionally
enjoyable transition from sparring to
affection there is nothing noble about
being so emotionally weak that anyone
you don't dominate physically will be
able to take advantage of you
Norman likes to make the argument both
in the books and elsewhere that the
savage patriarchal rule was necessary
for the good of society if there is one
positive and the gore novels it is that
it will compel the reader to rise to the
occasion enough to articulate precisely
why they disagree with mr. Norman and if
on a personal note why do you love Gore
so much and what does being a good year
how is how is that for me was the secret
to the world that I didn't have it was
like learning who I was all over again
I've never been in a community where I
strived so hard every waking moment to
study and learn and just retain
information it was like a it's a drug
you can't stop because once you are
pleasing and once you do get that
attention it's it's addictive you don't
let that go and it's not the same as
when a BDSM master looks at you or even
a vanilla person looks Q like when
agreein looks at you you feel it you
know that you know in your heart that
this is a different dynamic and that
like you get to be the real you that you
don't get to be anywhere else
if there's one thing we all know about
science fiction and fantasy it's that it
never dies how many years would be until
the next Conan the Barbarian movie comes
out but the last Conan movie was a
disaster it was a failure it was a flop
doesn't matter
Conan the Barbarian somehow will have a
sequel and if there's a problem with
securing the rights there will be a
knockoff version of Conan the Barbarian
there will be Bonin the carb Aryan or
some people find a way they will find a
way to make another corner in the
barbarian movie when is next Star Wars
movie coming out but the last three Star
Wars movies were terrible they were a
critical failure at a commercial
disappointment does not matter somehow
there will be another Star Wars movie
there will be another Ghostbusters movie
and I think of anything will you deal
with the overlap between science fiction
and fantasy that's even more
irresistible maybe just because the
fantasy elements are easier to do on a
lower budget make no mistake the gore
books they're gonna come back I think
we're already in the middle of this in
2030 I think it's already going through
a comeback
however toxic lamentable or deplorable
that may be satire satire by contrast is
very delicate it's very difficult to
reproduce in one climate versus another
a sense of satire that made sense in the
1870s didn't make sense anymore
in the 1970s if you've ever had to read
Shakespeare in a university classroom
and the professor stops and tries to
take 20 minutes to explain to you a joke
that's in some subtle way poking fun at
the Protestant church from a Catholic
perspective and the students are sitting
there like what Oh doesn't matter the
passage of a single century is enough
for satire to become incomprehensible or
at least to lose its edge and the other
thing that made the gore books
worthy of a footnote in history is that
they began as a satire of feminist
philosophy written by a professor of
philosophy a guy who went on to write a
philosophy of his own again however
deplorable that may be in the year 2020
we're living through another period
where a new wave of feminism has come to
its ascendancy has has had a period of
overwhelming influence and power and I
think there's a question or a challenge
for Satta rests in what way could you
should you might you satirize the
feminism of our own era in the same way
that John Norman tried to do in the
1970s looking back at the feminism of
1960s addressing for a creative writer
that's that's a real challenge and I do
not think the satirical element of the
gore novels is an excuse for the very
real evil of that's what makes us
politically more worth talking about if
anything
both the gore novels and the subculture
of BDSM fans imitating the realms it
shows us why even now in 21st century
slavery should be illegal it shows us
that many of the moral underpinnings of
a society really matter and a lot of
these things can't be taken for granted
you can't just assume nobody would
voluntarily put themselves in this kind
of situation and no it's a it's a kind
of unbelievably abrasive lesson in
aspects of human nature that all of us
want to ignore or want to imagine
disappeared from the surface of the
earth in the passage of 500 years and no
guess what it's still here this aspect
if you've been nature it's still here
just like Conan the Barbarian in Star
Wars
we're gonna go away things like I'm a
creative writer myself I would not want
to take on the challenge of trying to
today write an original
or an original series of novels that did
what gore managed to do back in the
period 1969 to 1975 to really kind of
shake up you know the sense of safety
that had emerged from the previous 20
years of the development and
proliferation of feminist ideology
because feminism is reassuring it's a
set of norms that's really part of
reassuring us that we haven't made some
terrible step in the wrong direction
from medieval the Renaissance and
Renaissance to enlightenment and
enlightenment to modern and here comes
this wildly eccentric author that says
no no no back to the Bronze Age back to
the Stone Age this is a guy who's really
to call him a reactionary is an
understatement he's more like a time
traveler ethically he wants to get back
in touch with the the most brutal
elements of pre Roman Empire savagery
and he's gonna sell it to you deadpan
serious that this is what you and I and
society as a whole needs to be happy
this is the only thing that can satisfy
human nature for both genders whoa okay
no that's a challenge as a creative
author I'm not even interested in I
would not take the step into insanity
that I think he did I don't know exactly
when the line was drawn in these in
these books when it went from this
slightly edgy satire into being you know
him laying out this philosophy of
pronouncement for out we ought to live
our lives I don't know if that was three
books into the series or six books in
the series or 30 books into this series
and guess what guys the most recent book
in the series was published in 2019 I
would love to buy a copy of that book
and review it but you guys just do not
donate enough that the author of these
books that started in 1969 he's still
alive
he's still writing the books and again
the fact that in the past this was made
into at least one major motion picture
it's inevitable this make a comeback if
you don't want
to happen I have a real simple moral to
put this story if you think Gore is
awful and terrible and should be erased
from this earth just like a tattoo the
way to do it is not by trying to rub it
out it's not by trying to censor it the
way an eraser gets her defensive the way
is to create something better if you
want to make your old tattoo disappear
make something better each other I would
challenge you in the audience you hear
you someone someone has to you know get
rid of this garbage that's been in our
culture from the 1970s with his happy
Star Wars whether that be Conan the
Barbarian or whether that be Gore the
Stone Age didn't end because we ran out
of stone the Bronze Age didn't end
because we ran out of bronze Stone Age
ended because we had something better to
work with in the realm of cultural
production I challenge you take a look
at how awful gore is and let's do better
[Music]